8 generate api documentation (#122)
mercator-ocean/oceanbench: docs/index.rst

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Mercator Ocean International <https://www.mercator-ocean.eu/>
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: EUPL-1.2

OceanBench documentation
========================

> OceanBench is a benchmarking tool to evaluate ocean models against reference ocean analysis datasets as well as observations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OceanBench is a benchmarking tool to evaluate ocean forecasting systems against reference ocean analysis datasets as well as observations.
```
